---
layout: post
title:      "Why do I want to become a software engineer?"
date:       2019-12-21 19:44:08 +0000
permalink:  why_do_i_want_to_become_a_software_engineer
---

I can't really pin point the exact moment when I had an eurka moment but as I've worked a few years in the accounting field I'm certain it isn't my passion nor joy. The day I decided I needed to find my passion in my carreer was after a pomotion, where I didn't feel excited about  it. As of June 2019 I decided to do something about this awful numbing feeling I had regarding my career choice. I had to do some soul searching and look for a career and not simply a job that paid my bills. I wanted to feel good about heading to work and throughly enjoy what I was doing. As I pondered on my options and thought about something suitable to my needs I remembered my C++ intro class that I coincidentally had to take in college because I needed to complete my credits for the semster. I honestly didn't know what I was getting myself into. 
The first time I ever did any coding was on my Myspace account, if you (the reader) don't know what in the world is Myspace you're too young haha, I had no clue I was coding I just knew it was fun and every other week I was changing something on my page. My C++ class reminded me of that time when I was putting in codes and seeing the outcome I honestly enjoyed the work and wanted to do more after every lesson. I considered switching my major to computer sciene but i couldn't offer it and unfortunately I was in my sernior year of college. 

I'm glad I took the class it seem to have helped me as if it were meant to be becasue without it I won't have taken this opportunity. One of the reasons why I wanted to get into the software engineer was because I would like to learn about the many different coding languages. Another reason as to why I chose software engineer is because this field is incredibly board, I have a lot of different options from the companies i would like to work  to the work i would like specialize in, for example if i would like to only work as a front end tech. The field is so vast there is no glass ceiling this gives me the confidence in knowing that I can grow within my future job, which I can't do in my current job. I like that I could find a flexible job, which is a huge plus because I'm planning soon to begin my family and would like to have time to spend with them. Another reason is I don't have to go back to college and get a degree to find a good position as a software engineer because of this I'm not stressing regarding how I will pay back more than 30k back to a college and juggle to work full-time. Not only don't I need to have a degree, which is a good option, but I could earn 6 figures, which I know is depending on the company and years on the job, but this is another reason why I took this leap. Lastly the other reason why is that there isn't a limit to learning something new, I can continue to expand my knowledge and still be learning the latest program or maybe create my own someday. 
